README.md, before:

# SHARY.az - Item Rental Platform

SHARY.az is a collaborative item rental platform that allows users to share and rent everyday items for short-term use. The goal is to help users save money and resources by accessing items they need temporarily, rather than purchasing them.

## 🌟 Project Purpose

This project aims to create a simple, user-friendly website that promotes a sharing economy by connecting individuals who want to rent and lend items for short durations.

## 🔧 Technologies Used

- **HTML** – Page structure and content layout
- **CSS** – Styling and responsive design
- **JavaScript** – Interactivity and dynamic features

## 🚀 Getting Started

To run the project locally:

1. Clone the repository using the GitHub link:
   git clone https://github.com/mirzazada6/web_Individual.git
2. Open the project folder in Visual Studio Code or any other code editor.
3. Open index.html in your browser to view the homepage.

## 📁 Project Structure and Pages

index.html – Homepage with overview and main features

contact.html – Page with contact form and team information

signin.html – Login page for existing users

signup.html – Registration page for new users

location.html – Page showing item locations or user-based region info

style.css – Custom styling for all pages

script.js – JavaScript file handling interactivity and functionality

👨‍💻 Team and Contributions
This project was developed collaboratively using GitHub's collaboration features.

## Sanan – Created the base HTML structure and worked on overall design

At the beginning of the project, I created the main HTML structure. I built the foundational skeleton and layout of the website so that my teammates could easily develop their own features on top of a clean and organized base. I also established a consistent design language to ensure that all pages look well-organized and professional.

Tasks I completed:

1. Created the main HTML skeleton for the index.html homepage

2. Built the structure for the navigation bar, header, and footer

3. Defined the core styling principles to maintain design consistency across all pages

4. Designed the initial layout in the CSS file so that other team members could continue development smoothly

## Omar – Developed the signin and signup pages and added form functionality

## Irana  – Built the location and contact subpages; made improvements to the main page

I was responsible for creating the location and contact subpages. I designed and implemented these pages to enhance user experience by providing essential information about item locations and a way to reach out to the team. Additionally, I made several improvements to the main page to ensure better usability and visual appeal.

Tasks I completed:

1. Developed the location.html page, displaying item locations or regional info

2. Built the contact.html page with a contact form and team details

3. Improved the main index.html page layout and design

4. Ensured consistency of design and responsiveness across these pages

## Mansuma – (To be added later)

📌 Notes
This project was developed as a team web development assignment.
Collaboration was done via GitHub, using branches, pull requests, and commits to manage progress.

Commit message:

Details for signin/signup pages

README.md, after:

# SHARY.az - Item Rental Platform

SHARY.az is a collaborative item rental platform that allows users to share and rent everyday items for short-term use. The goal is to help users save money and resources by accessing items they need temporarily, rather than purchasing them.

## 🌟 Project Purpose

This project aims to create a simple, user-friendly website that promotes a sharing economy by connecting individuals who want to rent and lend items for short durations.

## 🔧 Technologies Used

- **HTML** – Page structure and content layout
- **CSS** – Styling and responsive design
- **JavaScript** – Interactivity and dynamic features

## 🚀 Getting Started

To run the project locally:

1. Clone the repository using the GitHub link:
   git clone https://github.com/mirzazada6/web_Individual.git
2. Open the project folder in Visual Studio Code or any other code editor.
3. Open index.html in your browser to view the homepage.

## 📁 Project Structure and Pages

index.html – Homepage with overview and main features

contact.html – Page with contact form and team information

signin.html – Login page for existing users

signup.html – Registration page for new users

location.html – Page showing item locations or user-based region info

style.css – Custom styling for all pages

script.js – JavaScript file handling interactivity and functionality

👨‍💻 Team and Contributions
This project was developed collaboratively using GitHub's collaboration features.

## Sanan – Created the base HTML structure and worked on overall design

At the beginning of the project, I created the main HTML structure. I built the foundational skeleton and layout of the website so that my teammates could easily develop their own features on top of a clean and organized base. I also established a consistent design language to ensure that all pages look well-organized and professional.

Tasks I completed:

1. Created the main HTML skeleton for the index.html homepage

2. Built the structure for the navigation bar, header, and footer

3. Defined the core styling principles to maintain design consistency across all pages

4. Designed the initial layout in the CSS file so that other team members could continue development smoothly

## Omar – Developed the signin and signup pages and added form functionality

During the development process, my main responsibility was to implement user authentication pages. I created both the signin and signup subpages with fully functional input forms. These pages are essential for enabling user access and account creation within the platform.

Tasks I completed:

Created signin.html and signup.html pages

1. Designed and structured input forms for user login and registration

2. Implemented basic validation and interactivity using JavaScript

3. Ensured that both pages follow the same design language as the rest of the site

4. I focused on making the user experience simple and intuitive, especially for first-time users who need to register or log in.

## Irana  – Built the location and contact subpages; made improvements to the main page

I was responsible for creating the location and contact subpages. I designed and implemented these pages to enhance user experience by providing essential information about item locations and a way to reach out to the team. Additionally, I made several improvements to the main page to ensure better usability and visual appeal.

Tasks I completed:

1. Developed the location.html page, displaying item locations or regional info

2. Built the contact.html page with a contact form and team details

3. Improved the main index.html page layout and design

4. Ensured consistency of design and responsiveness across these pages

## Mansuma – (To be added later)

📌 Notes
This project was developed as a team web development assignment.
Collaboration was done via GitHub, using branches, pull requests, and commits to manage progress.
